Copy component docs (#1503)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/copy/snippet/index.md

---
title: Copy Snippet

> description: A button that allows users to copy a snippet of code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A button that enables users to copy a snippet of code
```

Reviewer: This is just a suggestion, feel free to ignore.

> description: A button that copies the text content of the button itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: A button that allows users to copy the text content displayed on the button itself.
```

Reviewer 3: What about "A button that allows users to copy a snippet of code" ?

---
title: Copy Snippet

> description: A button that copies the text content of the button itself.

Author: ok, will work on making it more clear; also open to suggestions.

> description: A button that copies the text content of the button itself.

Author: Ok we talked about this and...that's what it does, though. Not sure what wording would would make this more clear, since it's explicitly stating what it does. Ideas?

---
title: Copy Snippet

> description: A button that allows users to copy a snippet of code

Author: @andgen404 I think this doesn't differentiate it enough from the copy/button.

Reviewer 2: I can't think of any other descriptions for the Copy Snippet 😓 to me the first one made sense and this one also makes sense. My last thought would be:

A button that has the functionality to copy its own text content.

Reviewer 3: @MelSumner the fact that it copies the text from its own text content is irrelevant for the consumers (and the end users). It's an implementation detail. We should describe what the component does, not how it's implemented internally.

Since the description of the `Copy::Button` is  `A button that copies the attached or associated text upon interaction.` I think there is enough differentiation.
